Copyright (C) 2024 Space and Time Labs, Inc.

Cryptographic Open Software License 1.0

This license contains the terms and conditions under which Space
and Time Labs, Inc. ("Space and Time") makes available this
Software. Your use of the Software is subject to these terms and
conditions. 

Space and Time grants you ("Licensee") a license to use, modify,
and redistribute the Software, but only (a) for Non-Commercial
Use, or (b) for Commercial Use with the Space and Time Platform
only. You must use the Software only as allowed by applicable
law.

If Licensee makes available a copy of the Software to any third
party, the Software must be subject to the terms of this license
only, and Licensee must provide a copy of this license to that
third party. 

If Licensee makes changes or additions to the Software, Licensee
may license those changes or additions under terms of Licensee's
choice, but Licensee cannot change this license for the
Software.

These terms do not allow Licensee to sublicense or transfer any
of Licenseeâ€™s rights to anyone else. These terms do not imply
any other licenses not expressly granted in this license.

If Licensee violates any of these terms, or uses the Software in
a way not authorized under this license, the license granted to
Licensee ends immediately. 

If Licensee makes, or authorizes any other person to make, any
written claim that the Software, or any other product or service
of Space and Time, infringes or contributes to infringement of
any patent, all rights granted to Licensee under this license
end immediately. 

As far as the law allows, the Software is provided AS IS,
without any warranty or condition, and Space and Time will not
be liable to Licensee for any damages arising out of these terms
or the use or nature of the Software, under any kind of legal
claim. If the disclaimer in this paragraph is unenforceable
under applicable law, this license is void.

Terms in this license are used as follows:

The "Software" is any software made available by Space and Time
under this license.

A "Space and Time Product" is any product or service offered by
Space and Time or its affiliates. 

"Non-Commercial Use" means personal, academic, scientific, or
research and development use, or evaluating the Software, but
does not include uses where the Software facilitates any
transaction of economic value or supports any system that
provides any economic or commercial value other than on the
Space and Time Platform. 

Any use that is not a Non-Commercial Use is a "Commercial Use."

"Space and Time Platform" means the enterprise data platform, or
node operations within a Space and Time decentralized network,
in each case for processing database queries with cryptographic
proofs, that is made available by Space and Time.

To "use" means any use, modification, distribution or other
exploitation of the Software or any part of it.